[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Now, Usopp, Robin
and Franky hear of
the horrors that Dressrosa
suffered ten years in the past.
Even if you've forgotten,
I have not.
Thus, I've returned to
take my place as your king!
I'll sell you this kingdom for,
say, ten billion Berries?
I need to borrow
all of your money,
and I need to do so immediately.
Stop it! I'm begging you!
[SOLDIER BB]
King Riku, please wait!
[SOLDIER CC]
What are you doing?
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO] Oh, Riku!
What a naughty king you are!
The night's still
young, soldiers!
Don't just stand there gawking!
Why don't you join the dance?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Parasite String!
M-My arm! It's moving!
What the hell is
happening to me?
Why? What's causing this? [sobs]
This must be what happened
to the king, too.
[DOLDO]
What could I possibly say?
Nothing can justify this.
We're done,
the kingdom is finished.
We fell right into
Doflamingo's trap!
[TREBOL] Hey, hey! Can we
do it already, please? Doffy!
[DOFLAMINGO] Now, now.
We can't rush things.
I need them trembling with fear,
in the depths of despair.
And when this kingdom hates
King Riku with all its heart,
that's when the
heroes can appear.
[LUFFY] "A Nightmare!
The Tragic Night of Dressrosa!"
[MAN AA screams]
[sobs]
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
What in the world has happened
to our beloved king?
The whole kingdom's in disarray!
[NOBLE A] He looked amiss when
he left the palace earlier,
but there's no way
anyone could have predicted
something like this?
[NOBLE B] I fear this is more
than we can handle on our own.
I have already called
for Naval assistance!
Captain Vergo has stated
he's mobilizing in response!
[NOBLE A]
Ah! Splendid idea!
Oh, Father!
What's going on? Father?
[VIOLET]
Why are you doing this?
It's snow?
Monet! What's going on?
What are you doing in here?
You're just a servant!
Why are you manning
the palace gates?
[MONET chuckles]
Princess Viola.
I'm sure you're confused
about what's happening.
Perhaps you should
use your Clairvoyance
to get a closer look.
You might be surprised
by what you see.
And while you're here,
why don't you welcome our new
royal family to the throne?
[gasps]
Who are they? [gasps]
[MONET]
Just relax.
You'll be coming with us,
Princess Viola.
[SOLDIER A]
The east tower has been hit!
[SOLDIER B] Pirates have
breached the palace grounds!
[SOLDIER C] They've taken
Princess Viola hostage!
The place is bigger
than I expected.
Not too shabby.
[BUFFALO] Yeah! I could
get used to this!
[MACHVISE] The Young Master
will love this place,
it's got everything.
Halt, intruders!
[SOLDIER E]
Are you Doflamingo's men?
[SOLDIER F] Monet! Let go
of the Princess at once!
[SOLDIER D] Are you responsible
for King Riku's behavior?
Move along, we've got
a busy day ahead of us.
Let's start with "cleaning up"
the palace grounds.
Be safe, Father!
[MAN BB screams]
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[DOLDO screams]
[DOLDO sobs]
[MAN CC] Why are you
attacking us, King Riku?
[MAN DD screams]
[DOLDO]
Please! I beg you! Stop!
[MAN EE screams]
[DOLDO]
Stop!
If there's no way to prevent me
from hurting my own people...
[DOLDO]
...then I'd rather be dead!
[DOLDO] Someone! Anyone!
Please! Kill me!
[DOLDO sobbing]
[WOMAN A]
Why, King Riku?
Have we done something wrong?
I don't understand.
[WOMAN A]
How did it come to this?
[WOMAN A] You were always...
a fair and just king to us.
[WOMAN A] You told us that
you needed all of our money.
[WOMAN A] And we brought
you everything we had.
[WOMAN A]
We trusted you,
because you always put your
people first, no matter what.
[WOMAN A cries]
You were our pride and joy!
[BOY A crying]
[MAN A sobbing]
King Riku...
I can't believe you've forsaken
your kingdom like that!
How could you?
He took our money and
he slaughtered our people!
He tossed us aside to
satisfy his own desires!
[MAN C]
King Riku, you monster!
I hate you.
[MAN C]
You're...
You're nothing but a
low-down dirty scum-bag!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming, crying]
[MAN KK]
Here comes The King's Army!
Hurry! Get out of there! Run!
[gasping] No! Help!
[ALL gasp]
[MAN LL]
Who are you people?
[DOFLAMINGO chuckling]
We have come to rescue
this broken kingdom.
So say hello to your new ruler,
Don Quixote Doflamingo!
Th-Those are pirates!
[WOMAN F gasps]
They're pirates?
[gasps]
[MAN MM] They came to rescue us?
What's that supposed to mean?
[MAN NN] They're saving us
from the royal army. But why?
[MAN J gasps]
King Riku's here!
[TOWNSPEOPLE scream]
Here's where I
make my heroic debut.
Are you enjoying
this dance, King Riku?
[DOLDO groans]
[DOLDO screams]
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasping]
Trebol! Pica! Diamante!
Come out, it's go time!
Now, get out there and cleanse
this country of its trash!
He saved us. He saved us all!
He's a hero!
We somehow survived!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheer]
[MAN OO]
Doflamingo! Doflamingo!
[TOWNSPEOPLE] Doflamingo!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Look at that.
They embrace violence easily.
[DOFLAMINGO cackling]
[CROWD yelling]
Fight!
[COMPETITOR A]
You coward!
[MAN QQ] I'll never forgive
your family for what they did!
[MAN RR] Do everyone
a favor and drop dead!
[MAN SS]
Chop her into pieces!
[MAN RR]
You're a piece of crap! Boo!
[MAN SS]
Go to hell!
[cackling]
In just a single night,
the kingdom fell
into the vile hands
of Doflamingo.
That's a terrible story!
Oh man, what a nightmare!
How utterly ruthless.
[cries] I already
hate that Doflamingo guy!
Regrettably we fell for it, too.
Thinking that King Riku
had lost his mind,
we reached out to the new king
and were duped into our
current circumstances.
I'm so ashamed of myself
for ever trusting him.
So sad! That's a real shame.
It must be so frustrating
to know the once beloved
king of this country was set up
and tragically died a hated man.
Not quite.
For King Riku is still alive.
Huh?
Princess Viola had an
ability that Doflamingo was
particularly drawn to.
So she made a bargain with him.
If you promise to let my father
live, then I'll submit to you!
Please! Anything!
Just spare him!
Still to this day, she works
under Doflamingo's command.
Only now she is
known as "Violet,"
one of the Family officers.
She's an officer?
Then King Riku is still alive
thanks to her plea deal?
That's right.
He's still out there somewhere.
Perhaps in this kingdom even.
But I cannot imagine the
anguish he's carried with him
these past ten years.
Nor how hard this must be
on the former Princess.
Fear, anger, tears!
[KYROS] I wonder how she has
fared over this past decade.
[KYROS] There is also the
lasting pain the soldiers
have endured this whole time.
Just like King Riku, they were
forced against their will
into violent acts against
their fellow citizens.
[gasps] You mean Doflamingo
didn't finish off
the royal soldiers that night?
Some soldiers surrendered
to Doflamingo,
while others weren't so lucky
and were slain in the chaos.
The known survivors
are currently serving
as guards for him.
[FRANKY]
Ugh! Good-fer-nothin' sell outs!
Perhaps so, but I
believe it must've been
an agonizing decision for them.
[MAN TT]
Murderers!
[DOFLAMINGO]
They were only following orders
of a deranged king.
Forgive them and
I will put these
blindly loyal soldiers
to good use.
Oh man, this story is chock full
of betrayal and suffering!
These tears are rusting me, bro!
[FRANKY sobs]
Oh, the humanity!
You poor people!
The suffering!
[KYROS] While a good
number surrendered,
many men lost
their lives that day.
But even when you
add up those numbers,
it doesn't account for
a kingdom's full army.
[FRANKY] Hm? Wait,
what do you mean by that?
It sounds strange,
but it seems I've
lost some memories.
Others have, too.
And how does that work exactly?
I have a theory.
Fraland, do you recall
what I told you before?
When we are turned into toys,
we retain all our memories
from when we were human.
But people around us,
including our families,
lose theirs and forget we
even existed in their lives.
What the heck?
They're completely unaware
they've lost a loved one.
Even we toys can forget
some details as well.
This is the most heartbreaking
tragedy Dressrosa faces.
You mean, it's possible
that even some of the toys
walking around town
may have forgotten about
their friends and family?
[ROBIN] And that could
include you as well.
Precisely.
But I do believe, even with
their muddled minds,
that everyone turned into a toy
must feel vengeful
towards Doflamingo.
[TOY MAN A]
Damn it all!
How the hell did I
get stuck being a toy?
[TOY MAN B] Get away from
my wife, you scum bag!
Why won't the words come out?
[TOY MAN C]
Damn Doflamingo!
[TOY MAN D]
I curse his name!
[TOY MAN E] Isn't there anyone
who could beat his ass?
[KYROS] Doflamingo attempted to
bury the will of the people,
but that naturally only fueled
the rage and insurgency
dwelling within the
shadows of this kingdom.
They long for revolution!
The key to our victory
lies with them.
That unknown quantity of
downtrodden and
silenced individuals.
I'm on the same page now!
So you're counting
on that advantage
to win this thing then, huh?
While the folks
gathered here may not be
enough manpower to take on
a Warlord and his lackeys,
you're betting that
if you can recruit
all the downtrodden
toys to join you,
it'll give you that extra edge!
Hey! Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Wait. Are you seriously
getting yourself pumped up
to take down Doflamingo, too?
Our only objective here is
to destroy the damn factory!
We're ditching this place
once it's mission complete!
Back me up, Robin!
I'll crush you, Doflamingo.
Yeah, what she said. Wha?!
Today will go down as
the day of reckoning!
This morning's incident was
a challenge from our enemies!
It is no mere coincidence
that brave Uso-land
came to us today!
Divine intervention
is telling us to fight!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
What "incident" again?
Doflamingo's brief
abdication from the throne.
Oh. That? Well you see, uh...
Can you imagine the joy we felt
when we heard word of the news?
We thought it was a miracle!
However, when we found
it was a false report,
we felt as if we had dropped
from the edge of heaven
into the boiling pits of hell!
And yet, instead of being
trapped in our despair,
we decided to take
the final stand today!
[FRANKY]
Aw crap. That's on us, isn't it?
Despite being retired,
you led your crew here anyway?
Regrettably, I've yet to find a
successor to the Happosui Army.
If only I had a grandson
to take my place.
Unfortunate.
It's not easy
being a pirate, huh?
[DOLDO] Perhaps it's
just my imagination,
but I feel like I'm
forgetting something.
I experienced a phenomenon
like this about ten years ago.
[BOO] Hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, where am I going?
Grandpa! Please, you gotta help!
[ABDULLAH] Oh no, what have they
done to Abdullah, the lone wolf?
[JEET] What have they done to
me, Jeet, the maverick warrior!
[ALL]
Help!
[LUFFY]
Zoro!
That stupid Rooster head guy!
He told me he was gonna show me
the way but then he passed out!
Is Zoro even here?
[LUFFY gasps]
[BOTH]
Hm?
Hey! Zoro! Yo, Kin'emon!
[NARRATOR] Luffy reunites
with Zoro and the others.
Meanwhile, the conflict between
the two mighty warlords
rises to a head.
Law's thirst for
revenge is strong,
but Doflamingo's indomitable
wrath is about to bring
their epic battle to
a horrific conclusion.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Showdown Between Warlords!
Law vs. Doflamingo!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!